clarify vercel functions (#4741)
sveltejs/kit: packages/adapter-vercel/README.md

};
```

## Notes

> Vercel functions contained in an `api` directory will _not_ be included in the deployment — these should be implemented as [endpoints](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/routing#endpoints) in your SvelteKit app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vercel functions contained in the `/api` directory at the project's root will _not_ be included in the deployment — these should be implemented as [endpoints](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/routing#endpoints) in your SvelteKit app.
```
